README.md, before:

# Faraway Finds

Faraway Finds is a travel destination website created to showcase the stunning offerings of selected countries in East-Southeast Asia; specifcially Thailand, Japan and Indonesia.

The objective of the website is to stimulate interest in travel to these countries through the use of high-quality images, intuitive layout and informative text.

This website is targetted at those who love to travel, as well as anyone who has a general interest in these areas and is looking for more details about them. It will enable users to join a mailing list in order to recieve updates about destination information, and to follow the brand on social media platforms.


![Home Page](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/homepagereadme.JPG)

## UX

Site presentation and navigation is minimalist and intuitive. Generally speaking users can find out more information about destinations, submit an enquiry, follow social media, and sign up to a mailing list. 

## User Stories

- As a **site-owner** I want **users to be able to navigate my site** so that **they can find information**.
- As a **user** I would like **to see high quality pictures of destinations** so I can decide if I want to go there.
- As a **site owner** I want **users to be able to enquire about the tour** so that I can **convert them to customers**.
- As a **user who relies on a screen reader** I want **the images and icons on the website to have meaningful alt text** so that I can **use the site.** 
- As a **user** I want to **see written information about different travel destinations** so that I can decide if I want to go there.
- As a **site owner** I **want a meaningful homepage** so that **users know what is available on the site.**  
- As a **user** I want **the option to sign up to a mailing list** so that I can **know about any deals and offers available**.
- As a **site owner** I want **my webpage to look good on all devices** so that users can **access it in different ways.**
- As a **user** I want  **to see social media links** so that I can **follow them on different platforms.**
- As a **user** I want **to see reviews from people who have been on the tour** so that I can **decide if I would like to go.** 

## Scope

### High-Level Features

| **Homepage**   | **Destinations**   | **Enquiries** | **Website as a whole**   |
|---|---|---|---|
| Small Gallery   | Attractions   |  Form  | Navbar   |
| Links to more information| Information about the destinations |Mailing list checkbox    |Social Media links   |
| Reviews   |  High quality pictures of the destinations  |   |Meaningful alt text |

|  **Feature** | **Value**  |  **Effort** |
|---|---|---|
| Homepage   |  High |  Medium |
| Destinations page   | High  |  Medium |
| Enquiries page   | Medium  | Low  |
|  Navbar  |  High | Low  |
|Social media    | High  |Low   |
|  Reviews  | Medium  |Medium |

| Feature  |  Priority |
|---|---|
| Homepage  | 2  |
| Destinations  |  4 |
|  Enquiries | 5  |
|  Navbar |  1 |
| Social Links  |  3 |
|  Reviews |  6 |

- __Navigation Bar__

  - Featured on all three pages, the full responsive navigation bar includes links to Home, Destination and Enquiry pages. It is identical in each page to allow for easy navigation.

  - The navigatopn bar allows the user to easily navigate from page to page across all devices without having to revert back to the previous page via the ‘back’ button. 

![Nav Bar](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/navbar.png)

- __The landing page image__

  - The landing page image is a high quality photograph depicting a scene for the destinations covered.
  - It introduces the brand name and aesthetic, as well as featuring a brief statement of purpose.

![Landing Page](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/landingimage.png)

- __Destination Showcase Section__

  - This section invites the user to delve more deeply into our content with three impactful images featuring iconic destinations within the countries covered.

  - On desktop, hovering over the images in this section causes an interactive overlay with a link to appear, the link in the overlay directs to the relevant section of the destination page. This overlay and the link appear on the images for mobile user when they tap the images on the screen.


![Showcase](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/showcasesection.png)

- __The Footer__ 

  - The footer includes links the user can follow to access our social media content on different platforms, encouraging them to stay connected with our brand.

  - The footer displays consistently across all pages and is responsive on mobile. 


![Footer](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/footer.png)


- __Destinations Page__

  - The destinations page will provide the user with comprehensive information about attractions in each destination, and ccompanying high quality images. 

  - This section is valuable as it contains the information users came to our page for. We hope they will chose to enquire about our packages at these destinations, join our mailing list, or that they learn something new.


![Destinations](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/destthai.png)
![Destinations Information](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/dest2.png)

- __Enquire Page__

  - This page will allow users to send an equiry for more information about what is on offer in a specific country, and join our mailng list.

  - They are asked to submit their first and last names, their email adddress, select which country they would like information on, and tick a box indicating whether they would like to join the mailing list.


![Enquire](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/enquire.png)

## Structure 

### Site Wireframes

- __Home Page__

![Desktop home page](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/PC%20Homepage.png)


- __Destinations Page__

![Destinations page](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/PC%20Destinations.png)

- __Enquiry Page__

![Enquiry page](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/PC%20Enquiries.png)


- __Home Page Mobile View__

![Home Page Mobile](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/Homepage%201.png)

![Home Page Mobile 2](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/Homepage%202.png)

- __Destinations Page Mobile View__

![Destinations page Mobile View](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/Destinations%201.png)

![DEstinations Page Mobile View 2](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/Destinations%202.png)

- __Enquiry Page Mobile Veiw__

![Enquiry Page](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/Enquiries.png)


## Surface

### Design

#### Chosen Colours

A Site palette has been chosen to reflect a colour scheme that is both complementary and congruent with the aesthetic of the countries listed.

The Palette was created using https://coolers.co

![palette](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/palatte.JPG)

The colours are:

#0A100D - Night Black 
#710627 - Claret Red 
#D6FFB7 - Tea Green 
#FFE6E8 - Misty Rose 
#7D8491 - Slate Gray 

#### Fonts

Roboto for paragraph text.

Italiana for headings.

#### Media

Images are used to enhance UX throughout the page

Home Page - The hero image hints at the offerings at our destinations, while the showcase images provide more visual excitement.

Destinations Page - Images are included next to relevant information about each destination.

Enquiry Page - The background image has an overlay so as not to be distracting while still encouraging the user to engage their wanterlust.

## Technologies Used

- HTML

- CSS3 

## Testing

Faraway Finds has been tested on Safari, Opera, Chrome and Microsoft Edge.

Faraway finds has been thoroughly tested throughout the development process for responsiveness across devices using developer tools in Google Chrome.

### Validating

- HTML

  - No errors were returned when passing through [HTML Validation](https://validator.w3.org/)

  ![HTML](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/validhtml.JPG)


- CSS
  - No errors were found when passing through [CSS Validation](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/)

  ![CSS](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/cssvalidation.JPG)


- Lighthouse tools were used to test the website

Desktop:

![desktop](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/lighthouse-desktop.JPG)

Mobile View

![mobile](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/lighthousehomepagemobile.JPG)

## User Story Testing

1. As a **site-owner** I want **users to be able to navigate my site** so that **they can find information**

- Our website has all the information nicely organised in the correct areas with a clear navigation bar across the top of all pages in the website. The navigation bar has all the links correctly connected so that users can easily find the information they need. 

![Nav Bar](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/navbar.png)

![nav bar mobile](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/mobmenu.JPG)


2. As a **user** I would like **to see high quality pictures of destinations** so I can decide if I want to go there.

- On our website there are multiple high quality images of the destinations that capture the beauty of each location. Image captions describing the locations pictured have not been added but can be later.

![Showcase](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/showcasesection.png)

3. As a **site owner** I want **users to be able to enquire about the tour** so that I can **convert them to customers**

- Our website has an Enquiries page where users can sign up and enquire about the tour. The page includes a form that users can fill in to sign up and get the information they need to decide if they'll be going on the tour.

![form](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/formactual.JPG)

4. As a **user who relies on a screen reader** I want **the images and icons on the website to have meaningful alt text** so that I can **use the site.**

- Users who rely on screen readers will easily be able to tell what is happening on the website as we've implemented meaningful alt text on all images, icons and form fields. 


5. As a **user** I want to **see written information about different travel destinations** so that I can decide if I want to go there.

- Our website is designed to make it easy for users to find the written information they'd like with a clear navigation bar at the top of the page and links to sections pertaining to the relevant destination on the homepage. The text is clear, can easily be read and gives relevant information about the destination such as why you should go there and what there is for you to do.

![Destinations Information](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/dest2.png)

6. As a **site owner** I **want a meaningful homepage** so that **users know what is available on the site.** 

- We have created a beautiful homepage that clearly lets the user know the purpose, it features high quality images of the destinations, has relevant information and is easily navigated. 

![Home Page](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/homepagereadme.JPG)

7. As a **user** I want **the option to sign up to a mailing list** so that I can **know about any deals and offers available**

- On the Enquiries page of the website right above the submit button there's an unchecked checkbox for users to opt into receiving promotions of the latest deals and offers that is optimised for the best user experience.

![mailling list](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/mail.JPG)

8. As a **site owner** I want **my webpage to look good on all devices** so that users can **access it in different ways.**

- Our website is accessable and responsive on different devices and browsers. It changes the layout for the best possible user experience no matter the device used. 

9. As a **user** I want  **to see social media links** so that I can **follow them on different platforms.**

- The website has a clear footer throughout, with all the links to social media in a clear format so that users are able to follow on whichever platform they choose. The links open up on a seperate tab so users can easily find their way back to where they were. 

![Footer](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/footer.png)

10. As a **user** I want **to see reviews from people who have been on the tour** so that I can **decide if I would like to go.** 

- Unfortunately, due to where it fell in prioritisation we were unable to implement this feature. However, it can easily be implemented in future revisions due to our easy-to-edit code layout. 

### Features For Future Implementation

- A section for reviews from people who have used our website to plan their journey in these areas.
- Captions on all images so that users know where they were taken.
- Users receiving feedback when the enquiries form is submitted.
- An affiliate section for reputable accomodation or attraction providers we are either connected to or have good relationships with.
- A "comming soon" section where we can highlight upcoming countires or regions of focus.

## Known Issues and Bugs

Following development, testing, and deployment no issues or bugs have been encountered

## Deployment

The site was deployed to GitHub pages. 

The live link can be found here:

[Faraway Finds](https://libbu.github.io/CyberPixels/)

## Credits 

### Content

The structure of the homepage is similar to Code Institute's [Love Whiskey](https://github.com/Code-Institute-Solutions/BootstrappingYourNextBigIdea-BS4)  homepage. We have then made changes in order for it to fit in with the website.

Implementation instructions for showcase section overlays were taken from [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_images.asp)

Code Institute's [Love Running](https://github.com/Code-Institute-Solutions/love-running-v3) sign up page was used to help with design of the website's sign up page. 

Bootstrap 4 was used to assist in the structure and layout of the destinations page and the home page. 

Content from Code Institute's LMS modules were used for standard code across all pages of the website. 

Font Awesome was used across all pages for social media link icons.


### Media

All images were taken from [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/)

[Photopea](https://www.photopea.com/) was used to optimize the hero image on the homepage. 


### Acknowledgements 

 
Further assistance was thankfully was received from CI tutors Iris and Martin, and CI slack community when needed.

Commit message:

added google and font awesome urls to readme

README.md, after:

# Faraway Finds

Faraway Finds is a travel destination website created to showcase the stunning offerings of selected countries in East-Southeast Asia; specifcially Thailand, Japan and Indonesia.

The objective of the website is to stimulate interest in travel to these countries through the use of high-quality images, intuitive layout and informative text.

This website is targetted at those who love to travel, as well as anyone who has a general interest in these areas and is looking for more details about them. It will enable users to join a mailing list in order to recieve updates about destination information, and to follow the brand on social media platforms.


![Home Page](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/homepagereadme.JPG)

## UX

Site presentation and navigation is minimalist and intuitive. Generally speaking users can find out more information about destinations, submit an enquiry, follow social media, and sign up to a mailing list. 

## User Stories

- As a **site-owner** I want **users to be able to navigate my site** so that **they can find information**.
- As a **user** I would like **to see high quality pictures of destinations** so I can decide if I want to go there.
- As a **site owner** I want **users to be able to enquire about the tour** so that I can **convert them to customers**.
- As a **user who relies on a screen reader** I want **the images and icons on the website to have meaningful alt text** so that I can **use the site.** 
- As a **user** I want to **see written information about different travel destinations** so that I can decide if I want to go there.
- As a **site owner** I **want a meaningful homepage** so that **users know what is available on the site.**  
- As a **user** I want **the option to sign up to a mailing list** so that I can **know about any deals and offers available**.
- As a **site owner** I want **my webpage to look good on all devices** so that users can **access it in different ways.**
- As a **user** I want  **to see social media links** so that I can **follow them on different platforms.**
- As a **user** I want **to see reviews from people who have been on the tour** so that I can **decide if I would like to go.** 

## Scope

### High-Level Features

| **Homepage**   | **Destinations**   | **Enquiries** | **Website as a whole**   |
|---|---|---|---|
| Small Gallery   | Attractions   |  Form  | Navbar   |
| Links to more information| Information about the destinations |Mailing list checkbox    |Social Media links   |
| Reviews   |  High quality pictures of the destinations  |   |Meaningful alt text |

|  **Feature** | **Value**  |  **Effort** |
|---|---|---|
| Homepage   |  High |  Medium |
| Destinations page   | High  |  Medium |
| Enquiries page   | Medium  | Low  |
|  Navbar  |  High | Low  |
|Social media    | High  |Low   |
|  Reviews  | Medium  |Medium |

| Feature  |  Priority |
|---|---|
| Homepage  | 2  |
| Destinations  |  4 |
|  Enquiries | 5  |
|  Navbar |  1 |
| Social Links  |  3 |
|  Reviews |  6 |

- __Navigation Bar__

  - Featured on all three pages, the full responsive navigation bar includes links to Home, Destination and Enquiry pages. It is identical in each page to allow for easy navigation.

  - The navigatopn bar allows the user to easily navigate from page to page across all devices without having to revert back to the previous page via the ‘back’ button. 

![Nav Bar](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/navbar.png)

- __The landing page image__

  - The landing page image is a high quality photograph depicting a scene for the destinations covered.
  - It introduces the brand name and aesthetic, as well as featuring a brief statement of purpose.

![Landing Page](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/landingimage.png)

- __Destination Showcase Section__

  - This section invites the user to delve more deeply into our content with three impactful images featuring iconic destinations within the countries covered.

  - On desktop, hovering over the images in this section causes an interactive overlay with a link to appear, the link in the overlay directs to the relevant section of the destination page. This overlay and the link appear on the images for mobile user when they tap the images on the screen.


![Showcase](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/showcasesection.png)

- __The Footer__ 

  - The footer includes links the user can follow to access our social media content on different platforms, encouraging them to stay connected with our brand.

  - The footer displays consistently across all pages and is responsive on mobile. 


![Footer](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/footer.png)


- __Destinations Page__

  - The destinations page will provide the user with comprehensive information about attractions in each destination, and ccompanying high quality images. 

  - This section is valuable as it contains the information users came to our page for. We hope they will chose to enquire about our packages at these destinations, join our mailing list, or that they learn something new.


![Destinations](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/destthai.png)
![Destinations Information](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/dest2.png)

- __Enquire Page__

  - This page will allow users to send an equiry for more information about what is on offer in a specific country, and join our mailng list.

  - They are asked to submit their first and last names, their email adddress, select which country they would like information on, and tick a box indicating whether they would like to join the mailing list.


![Enquire](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/enquire.png)

## Structure 

### Site Wireframes

- __Home Page__

![Desktop home page](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/PC%20Homepage.png)


- __Destinations Page__

![Destinations page](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/PC%20Destinations.png)

- __Enquiry Page__

![Enquiry page](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/PC%20Enquiries.png)


- __Home Page Mobile View__

![Home Page Mobile](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/Homepage%201.png)

![Home Page Mobile 2](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/Homepage%202.png)

- __Destinations Page Mobile View__

![Destinations page Mobile View](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/Destinations%201.png)

![DEstinations Page Mobile View 2](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/Destinations%202.png)

- __Enquiry Page Mobile Veiw__

![Enquiry Page](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/Enquiries.png)


## Surface

### Design

#### Chosen Colours

A Site palette has been chosen to reflect a colour scheme that is both complementary and congruent with the aesthetic of the countries listed.

The Palette was created using https://coolers.co

![palette](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/palatte.JPG)

The colours are:

#0A100D - Night Black 
#710627 - Claret Red 
#D6FFB7 - Tea Green 
#FFE6E8 - Misty Rose 
#7D8491 - Slate Gray 

#### Fonts

Roboto for paragraph text.

Italiana for headings.

#### Media

Images are used to enhance UX throughout the page

Home Page - The hero image hints at the offerings at our destinations, while the showcase images provide more visual excitement.

Destinations Page - Images are included next to relevant information about each destination.

Enquiry Page - The background image has an overlay so as not to be distracting while still encouraging the user to engage their wanterlust.

## Technologies Used

- HTML

- CSS3 

## Testing

Faraway Finds has been tested on Safari, Opera, Chrome and Microsoft Edge.

Faraway finds has been thoroughly tested throughout the development process for responsiveness across devices using developer tools in Google Chrome.

### Validating

- HTML

  - No errors were returned when passing through [HTML Validation](https://validator.w3.org/)

  ![HTML](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/validhtml.JPG)


- CSS
  - No errors were found when passing through [CSS Validation](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/)

  ![CSS](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/cssvalidation.JPG)


- Lighthouse tools were used to test the website

Desktop:

![desktop](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/lighthouse-desktop.JPG)

Mobile View

![mobile](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/lighthousehomepagemobile.JPG)

## User Story Testing

1. As a **site-owner** I want **users to be able to navigate my site** so that **they can find information**

- Our website has all the information nicely organised in the correct areas with a clear navigation bar across the top of all pages in the website. The navigation bar has all the links correctly connected so that users can easily find the information they need. 

![Nav Bar](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/navbar.png)

![nav bar mobile](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/mobmenu.JPG)


2. As a **user** I would like **to see high quality pictures of destinations** so I can decide if I want to go there.

- On our website there are multiple high quality images of the destinations that capture the beauty of each location. Image captions describing the locations pictured have not been added but can be later.

![Showcase](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/showcasesection.png)

3. As a **site owner** I want **users to be able to enquire about the tour** so that I can **convert them to customers**

- Our website has an Enquiries page where users can sign up and enquire about the tour. The page includes a form that users can fill in to sign up and get the information they need to decide if they'll be going on the tour.

![form](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/formactual.JPG)

4. As a **user who relies on a screen reader** I want **the images and icons on the website to have meaningful alt text** so that I can **use the site.**

- Users who rely on screen readers will easily be able to tell what is happening on the website as we've implemented meaningful alt text on all images, icons and form fields. 


5. As a **user** I want to **see written information about different travel destinations** so that I can decide if I want to go there.

- Our website is designed to make it easy for users to find the written information they'd like with a clear navigation bar at the top of the page and links to sections pertaining to the relevant destination on the homepage. The text is clear, can easily be read and gives relevant information about the destination such as why you should go there and what there is for you to do.

![Destinations Information](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/dest2.png)

6. As a **site owner** I **want a meaningful homepage** so that **users know what is available on the site.** 

- We have created a beautiful homepage that clearly lets the user know the purpose, it features high quality images of the destinations, has relevant information and is easily navigated. 

![Home Page](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/homepagereadme.JPG)

7. As a **user** I want **the option to sign up to a mailing list** so that I can **know about any deals and offers available**

- On the Enquiries page of the website right above the submit button there's an unchecked checkbox for users to opt into receiving promotions of the latest deals and offers that is optimised for the best user experience.

![mailling list](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/mail.JPG)

8. As a **site owner** I want **my webpage to look good on all devices** so that users can **access it in different ways.**

- Our website is accessable and responsive on different devices and browsers. It changes the layout for the best possible user experience no matter the device used. 

9. As a **user** I want  **to see social media links** so that I can **follow them on different platforms.**

- The website has a clear footer throughout, with all the links to social media in a clear format so that users are able to follow on whichever platform they choose. The links open up on a seperate tab so users can easily find their way back to where they were. 

![Footer](https://github.com/Libbu/CyberPixels/blob/main/media/footer.png)

10. As a **user** I want **to see reviews from people who have been on the tour** so that I can **decide if I would like to go.** 

- Unfortunately, due to where it fell in prioritisation we were unable to implement this feature. However, it can easily be implemented in future revisions due to our easy-to-edit code layout. 

### Features For Future Implementation

- A section for reviews from people who have used our website to plan their journey in these areas.
- Captions on all images so that users know where they were taken.
- Users receiving feedback when the enquiries form is submitted.
- An affiliate section for reputable accomodation or attraction providers we are either connected to or have good relationships with.
- A "comming soon" section where we can highlight upcoming countires or regions of focus.

## Known Issues and Bugs

Following development, testing, and deployment no issues or bugs have been encountered

## Deployment

The site was deployed to GitHub pages. 

The live link can be found here:

[Faraway Finds](https://libbu.github.io/CyberPixels/)

## Credits 

### Content

The structure of the homepage is similar to Code Institute's [Love Whiskey](https://github.com/Code-Institute-Solutions/BootstrappingYourNextBigIdea-BS4)  homepage. We have then made changes in order for it to fit in with the website.

Implementation instructions for showcase section overlays were taken from [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_images.asp)

Code Institute's [Love Running](https://github.com/Code-Institute-Solutions/love-running-v3) sign up page was used to help with design of the website's sign up page. 

Bootstrap 4 was used to assist in the structure and layout of the destinations page and the home page. 

Content from Code Institute's LMS modules were used for standard code across all pages of the website. 

[Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/) was used across all pages for social media link icons.

Fonts are from [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)


### Media

All images were taken from [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/)

[Photopea](https://www.photopea.com/) was used to optimize the hero image on the homepage. 


### Acknowledgements 

 
Further assistance gratefully received from CI tutors Iris and Martin,and CI slack community.
